---
created:  2022-06-02
modified: 2022-06-02
---
# Thursday, June 2, 2022

**Contents**

{{toc}}

---

## Day Planner


--- 

## #TheRest


---


---
> [!Nav]
>  << [[2022-06-01]] | [[2022-06-03]] >>
---


## Obsidian Clipper Appended Below...
#WebClips 



## About GitHub Pages - GitHub Docs
URL: https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/about-github-pages

> ## Static site generators
> 
> GitHub Pages publishes any static files that you push to your repository. You can create your own static files or use a static site generator to build your site for you. You can also customize your own build process locally or on another server. We recommend Jekyll, a static site generator with built-in support for GitHub Pages and a simplified build process. For more information, see "[About GitHub Pages and Jekyll](https://docs.github.com/en/articles/about-github-pages-and-jekyll)."
> 
> GitHub Pages will use Jekyll to build your site by default. If you want to use a static site generator other than Jekyll, disable the Jekyll build process by creating an empty file called `.nojekyll` in the root of your publishing source, then follow your static site generator's instructions to build your site locally.
> 
> GitHub Pages does not support server-side languages such as PHP, Ruby, or Python.

---
## "Tiller Launches New Personal Finance Service for Excel, Partners on Exclusive Offer for Microsoft 365 Subscribers"
#WebClip 
https://www.businesswire.com/news/beverlyhillschamber/20220526005011/en/Tiller-Launches-New-Personal-Finance-Service-for-Excel-Partners-on-Exclusive-Offer-for-Microsoft-365-Subscribers
2022-06-02 12:35:52



Excerpt:

> “Tiller welcomes all Microsoft 365 subscribers,” said Peter Polson, CEO of Tiller. “With full support for Excel, our customers can more easily manage their money, their way, with all their accounts updated in one place, flexible reporting, customizable categories, and uncompromising privacy. We’re certain fans of Excel will fall in love with Tiller.”

---

---
## "How to Manually Import Your Bank Data | Tiller Help Center"
#WebClip 
https://help.tillerhq.com/en/articles/432708-how-to-manually-import-your-bank-data
2022-06-02 13:41:14




---
## Choose an open source license | Choose a License
URL: https://choosealicense.com/

> An open source license protects contributors and users. Businesses and savvy developers won’t touch a project without this protection.
## Choose an open source license | Choose a License
URL: https://choosealicense.com/

> The [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) is short and to the point. It lets people do almost anything they want with your project, **like making and distributing closed source versions**.
## GNU General Public License v3.0 | Choose a License
URL: https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/

> GNU GPLv3
> 
> Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.
## Blog - Exygy | Exygy Recognized as One of the Fastest-Growing Companies by Inc. 5000
URL: https://www.exygy.com/blog/which-license-should-i-use-mit-vs-apache-vs-gpl

> **The MIT License.** The main argument for MIT or any other permissive license over GPL is that more people may end up using your software. Even if all of the downstream user-developers don’t open-source their contributions, many of them will. There are non-legal reasons for others to contribute, the main one being that if they don’t, they either have to fork (foregoing improvements on the trunk) or maintain a closed-source branch and keep integrating changes from the open-source mainline.
> 
> The MIT license is sort of like a loss-leader in a way: “Hey, it’s free, no legal restrictions, why not try it out?”. So they do. Then, later, they realize they want to be part of the open source collaboration, to get features and bugfixes and avoid messy merges.
> 
> You have to be ok with someone else taking your MIT-licensed software building another commercial closed-source application (or plugins or add-ons) based on it. For example, Mac OSX [used many parts of BSD](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3446231/how-closely-are-mac-os-x-and-bsd-related). BSD is under an MIT-like license. Apple could not have done that with Linux (not without open-sourcing OSX anyway), because Linux is GPL licensed. On the other hand, Apple has contributed things [back to FreeBSD](https://wiki.freebsd.org/Myths)because of the resultant similarity.
> 
> **The Apache License.** The Apache license has a similar philosophy to the MIT, but uses more words. The wordiness creates greater specificity about contributors’ obligations, which might help in a dispute.  But it also can be a turnoff — “Do I need to have my lawyer look at this?” comes up more with Apache than MIT. It works well for organizations or projects that are larger and managing more contributors, but don’t care about others commercializing the work. It also can help bring on board organizations that are more concerned about software patents or patent trolls.
> 
> **The GPL Licenses.** The GPL has name recognition. Developers like it out of a sense of fairness (“I open sourced my code so you should too”). Some of the most-installed open source software is GPL-licensed, such as Linux, WordPress, and Wikipedia’s underlying software, MediaWiki. Wikipedia’s content is (mostly) under the Creative Commons BY-SA license, which has similar share-alike features to the GPL. For individual contributors who want assurances of openness and transparency, and to avoid a BSD-into-OSX situation, the GPL provides assurance that other contributors will be held to the same licensing terms. While the GPL can be a turnoff for some corporations, it can create community among individuals.
> 
> The GPL sharing provisions involve nuance and ambiguity.  Companies adopting GPL software have to ask “are we going to end up having to release our other software that integrates with this under the GPL?” Just getting through the hurdle of doing that legal-technical analysis can bog down adoption of the GPL’d software; and even when a company does a thoughtful analysis, the end result is sometimes “yeah, we’d rather not risk it”. Some companies have blanket policies against the GPL, either out of misunderstanding, an abundance of caution, a desire to not engage in complex legal-technical analyses, or a combination of all of the above. I’ve also seen startups  avoid incorporating GPL software in their products because potential acquirers avoid it. If you are releasing software under a GPL license, it is also necessary to determine what the sharing criteria are, which vary between the different GPL licenses and can affect when downstream users have to release their source code.
## Exygy - Open Application
URL: https://jobs.lever.co/exygy/72a8bea4-cfb6-4c24-be61-0956a647e2fb/apply
## How to send and receive money with Interac e-Transfer at CIBC
URL: https://www.cibc.com/en/personal-banking/ways-to-bank/how-to/send-interac-e-transfer.html?itrc=M631:1

> ## *INTERAC* e-TRANSFER®
> 
> ## New! Put your payments on autopilot
> 
> Now you can schedule your *Interac* e-Transfer payments ahead of time and even make them recurring.
